e.g -> e.g. (#20083)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/url/origin/index.md

  explicitly specified).
- For `file:` URLs, the value is browser dependent.
- for `blob:` URLs, the origin of the URL following `blob:` will

>   be used, e.g., `"blob:https://mozilla.org"` will be returned as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be used. For example, `"blob:https://mozilla.org"` will be returned as
```
